[Frontend] Support PyTrees as function arguments and return values (#221)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

  workflow()
  ```

> * Add support for PyTrees as function arguments and return values.

Author: ```suggestion
* Add support for container-like and nested Python structures, such as lists of lists or dictionaries
  that can be occurred in a QJIT program as function arguments or return values via JAX ``pytree`` API.
```

<h3>Breaking changes</h3>

* Since we are now using PyTrees, python lists are no longer automatically converted into JAX
  arrays. This means that indexing on lists when the index is not static will cause a

>   ``TracerIntegerConversionError``.

Reviewer: Ah, this answers my question above :)

  ```python
  @qjit
  def f(list, index):
    return list[index]

>   ```

Reviewer: Oh, is this not supported in pure jax?

Author: No, it's not supported there either.
